Welcome Back to Movies Recapped,
Today I am going to explain The Korean Horror
Thriller film, Rampant.
But it is attacked by Joseon's soldiers.
They hijack their ship and all their weapons.
How could they know that they had also zombie
with the Europeans.
Which had been seized by them. But it releases
itself.
It bites one of the soldiers. Those soldiers
kill that zombie.
But they were unaware that a man whom zombie
bites also becomes a zombie .
So they bring their wounded companion with
them.
That zombie's appetite increases as it reaches
at home. Because zombie's infection had started
to affect him.
He eats too much. He also wants to eat the
meat and take blood because of spread infection.
So he looks at his wife but he does not take
such action right now.
He is transformed into zombie as night falls.
He eats the flesh of his kid and wife.
Then he flees from his house. In this way,
this infection begins to spread in the whole
neighborhood.
Now scene turns to the past when the same
ship is shown.
In which Joseon's soldiers had traveled. They
ask them to display the guns.
Those men begin to display them the variety
of the guns. Then Joseon's soldiers cast a
glance at a zombie.
Which was captive there. Then that sight is
shown.
When Joseons men return to its kingdom , taking
all weapons.
Now this message is conveyed to the king by
the Minister.
Hearing it, king becomes furious. Then he
calls the General of those soldiers.
And he says to him, You violated my rules!
You will get a blunt punishment.
But General clears that I did it to protect
my kingdom.
But he is not believed so his family is brought
after seizing.
Then king's elder son is shown who writes
a letter to his younger brother named "Lee
Chung".
He hands over this letter to his man that
he may deliver it to his younger brother.
Because elder prince had known why Minster
is taking this action.
He wants to get the seat of king while blaming
the soldiers rebels.
So the king may elect him as a king as being
inspired by his words.
But it was injustice because soldiers had
returned, working accurately.
They had taken those guns for the safety of
their kingdom.
But the king was not getting understanding
so he directly moves to the his father king.
He requests to him, The soldiers are blameless
. Kindly forgive them!
The king says, Now you will teach me! It seems
you want to grab my seat that you are interrupting
my decisions.
The king's elder son is disappointed on it.
He did not want his father to think about
him as such.
So he sacrifices his life before his father.
So his partners soldiers may survive.
Those soldiers used to honour him and he had
also affection for them.
Many years later, king's younger son named
"Lee Chung". comes on the scene.
He is the same whom king's elder son had written
a letter.
"Lee Chung" was in abroad. When he returned
back after receiving the letter of his brother.
Then he observes that there is no soldier
to pick him up in honour.
So he takes it awkward. Then he says to his
friend, walking with him.
I am not getting the point. Why did anyone
not come to receive me?
But the most astonishing fact about which
they were unaware was this,
This kingdom had been attacked completely
by the zombies.
They could not appear in the daytime because
they were burnt in the sunlight.
So there was a power in their attacks at night
time.
When minister knows that king's younger son"
Lee Chung" is returning back then he says
to the king,
Remember! He did not come with any excuse
when you called him before.
Now he returned back when he knew that his
elder brother is no more. How did he come?
He surely wants to take the seat of the king.
The king is also entrapped by Minster's words.
After this, a lady predictor also tells the
king, Yeah! Your younger son will turn against
you!
So king explodes in rage in his whole family.
Because he used to take his elder son against
him.
So he also makes elder son's wife captive.
But he has no knowledge that she is expectant.
"Lee Chung" and his friend are seen. Suddenly
, a few soldiers appear before them.
But "Lee Chung" understands that they have
not come here to greet him but kill.
Because they are armed. How does a prince
not detect that someone is loyal with him
or have come to kill.
He begins to end all soldiers one by one.
It is night time. So zombies are also become
active.
Which move forward with the aim to attack
them. And they kill a number of the soldiers.
Then they move towards prince "Lee Chung".
But "Lee Chung" confronts them as they are
going to bite him.
But all zombies are not lessening in number.
Then two persons appear there to save "Lee
Chung".
There is same that soldier among them who
was given a letter to deliver "Lee Chung"
by his elder brother.
There is also a girl along with him named
"Deok-Hee".
They both hit the zombies badly together.
"Deok-Hee" ends the zombies , using her ranged
weapon.
In the same way, that man says to "Lee Chung",
Come with me!
"Lee Chung" asks him, Stop! How do you know
my name?
I will not accompany you.There may be any
conspiracy!
Because many assassin are coming too kill
me.
Then that man reveals his identity saying
that I was the spacial lieutenant of you elder
brother.
I am here to rescue you! "Lee Chung" witnesses
as he moves at a little distance.
That king and Minster have imprisoned some
of the people thinking them a infected by
zombies.
When they come to know that "Lee Chung" is
also the son of the king,
Seeing him, They begin to call his name.
Saying , Prince "Lee Chung"! Help us, We have
been imprisoned here.
And it is unknown when zombies may attack
us!
"Lee Chung" says, No! I am not any prince.
I have just visited here at the death of my
elder brother.
And I will soon return back. How can I help
all of you?
Then his elder brother's special lieutenant
says to him, How can you say it?
You are unlike your brother. He used to help
everyone.
Then "Lee Chung" says, No! I cannot be like
him. Nor I am fond of it. I mind my business.
I have to return back to my city soon.
In the next scene, a man is shown who says,
coming to the Minister,
I have killed "Lee Chung" . Award me the money!
So Minister knew that he is telling a lie.
And many people will claim the same, coming
there.
So they may get reward. Then Minister calls
that lady,
Who had predicted before the king that your
younger son will kill you or he may turn against
you.
So Minister calls her inside. And he himself
goes outside, locking the door.
Then a creature appears from the downward
and drags her inside.
Actually, it is a zombie. And Minister did
it deliberately. The reality will be exposed
later.
Then it is seen that "Lee Chung" is saying
with "Deok-Hee",
What is here? There are many zombies. Just
accompany me to my city!
But "Deok-Hee" says to him, No! I will rescue
my natives.
And you should also do the same as a prince.
Then "Deok-Hee" notices that a man is being
attacked by a zombie.
She immediately rescues him, going there.
Suddenly, one more zombie captures "Deok-Hee".
But "Lee Chung" saves her life before it infected
"Deok-Hee", coming there.
Now that secret is revealed. Why had that
Minister called that lady to him?
And he made her victim of zombie. Because
he knew that she is the only lady,
Who can meet the king directly. Being infected,
she will surely bite the king.
And she will leave the king infected. And
it was the best plan to kill the king and
to be crowned himself later.
It happens the same. That lady is soon transformed
into a zombie.
And she also bites the king. King explodes
in rage.
He pushes her away.
And he orders to eliminate all zombies and
infected people in the kingdom without any
thought.
Contrarily, "Lee Chung" is seen who is with
his elder brother's special lieutenant and
"Deok-Hee".
They both are saying to "Lee Chung", We should
reveal to the king that,
Dispatch your army to eliminate the zombies!
Otherwise the matters will be worsened soon.
Then "Lee Chung" says, Okay! I will convey
to him.
"Deok-Hee" says to him, I don't trust you!
You want to go back in your city.
Who knows that you may return your city! I
will accompany you!
"Lee Chung" asks him, Okay! Will you accompany
to my city with me if I convey this message
to the king?
So "Deok-Hee" has to agree because she has
awareness about "Lee Chung" .
How wayward he is! So they move on., Then
a man stops them out of that city,
Saying, no strangers is allowed to come inside!
Because the infection of zombies is spreading
very rapidly.
That man says to "Lee Chung", You can come
if you want to accompany me but not in this
kingdom.
So "Lee Chung" is agreed to go with him. And
he says to his companions,
You will stay here!
Now that man declares to "Lee Chung" that
I can make possible your meeting with the
king!
But you will have to be with me! So "Lee Chung"
consents.
Then his elder brother's special lieutenant
tells him that Minister is an evil man.
Your elder brother sacrificed his life because
of that Minister.
Don't be entrapped by him! On the other side,
Minister is seen in a meeting.
In which all people are talking that king
is still alive even though the zombie infection
has spread in him.
And he is still a human. A man comes to tell
Minister with it,
You cannot be crowned in case the king is
killed.
Because his son prince "Lee Chung" has returned
back.
Minister is infuriated on this fact. He will
surely be planning that "Lee Chung" may be
ended.
Now "Lee Chung" is shown who has appeared
before the king.
He asks the king, How are you father?
You know that the country's condition has
turned worst.
Can you not dispatch your soldiers that they
may eliminate all zombies?
What were the consequences what you had ordered
before.
Have you remembered when the king ordered
to end the zombies,
Then Minister had suggested, No! It will not
be carried out.
At this time, Minister says while interrupting
him,
No King! We cannot let it happen. How can
we kill the zombies?
We will put our lives at risk. He was saying
this because he did not want that zombies
may end,
He wanted that zombie's infection may spread
more and increases the number of the zombies.
So they may kill the king's army easily while
attacking all soldiers.
And the king may leave alone. He will also
be killed because of his infection.
I will be called a king of this kingdom.
His intentions are not good. But "Lee Chung"
says to the Minister,
I know your intentions! You wished it that
I may be ended on the way,
And I may not reach here. But you are forgetting
it that I am prince "Lee Chung".
My elder brother committed suicide because
of you!
But I am not as such. I will not take my steps
back!
Then "Lee Chung" says to the king again , Just
think about my words!
Dispatch your army! The king asks, Why should
I take your suggestion?
Have you remembered? You had not come when
I called you at once.
And you had said, You are busy! As you knew
that your brother is no more,
So you came here to take his seat. So you
may be crowned after me.
What have you sacrificed for this place in
the whole life?
"Lee Chung" tells, No father! I don't want
it at all.
Nor I can ever take the place of my elder
brother. No one can be equal to him.
Such a man who sacrificed his life for the
sake of his kingdom and to spare the lives
of his soldiers.
I have only a pursuit to come here to rescue
my elder brother's wife.
I may take her away from here forever. Where
the matter of getting the seat of the king,
I have no lust either you are crowned or you
choose anyone else for this.
The king asks "Lee Chung" , What do you think
that he was only your elder brother?
He was also my offspring. Have I not sadness
at his death?
Matter was different. And you are saying that
I may send army to end the zombies,
Alright! I give you a chance. So "Lee Chung"
feels satisfaction, hearing it.
At the same time, king's condition begins
to worsen because zombie infection was spreading
in his body.
So he says to "Lee Chung", Go away right now!
"Lee Chung" directly goes to his elder brother's
wife and says to him, Come to me!
I will take care of you. You have been bound
here.
You are the part of my brother. That lady
says , No Lee Chung! I cannot accompany you.
Your brother was good hearted man who sacrificed
his life for the sake of this kingdom.
How can I leave this kingdom?
I will release these captives from the wicked
Minister while staying here.
Now "Lee Chung" shows that letter to his sister
in law which had been written by his brother
to him.
It is stated there, Lee Chung! Take my wife
away from this place If I face the dire consequences!
Because I don't want that she stays here alone
here after me.
Lee Chung's sister in law starts to weep ,reading
her husband's letter.
And she says to him, No matter what happens!
My husband died because of this Minister,
I will stay here so he may reach his catastrophe.
And the inhabitants of this kingdom may get
justice.
"Lee Chung" becomes sentimental, seeing his
sister in law's condition.
And he thinks that his brother was really
a great man!
And he will do the same what is the wish of
his sister in law.
When "Lee Chung" is leaving that place of
his sister in law then his friend tells him,
coming there,
That your elder brother's lieutenant and his
companions have been imprisoned.
Then Minister reaches there who had come there
to make Lee Chung's sister in law captive.
He murmurs to "Lee Chung", Leave this place
silently otherwise the results will be worst!
After a little time, "Lee Chung" gets news
that his father is transforming into a zombie.
And he is being treated. So he immediately
goes to meet his father.
But he checks , going there. That his father
is in worst condition.
And he has also transformed into a zombie
badly.
Here it seems as he is trying to say something
to his son "Lee Chung".
Getting the chance, Minister stabs his sword
into the back of the king.
And he kills him. It was the want of him.
And he had been waiting for this day for several
years.
But no one dares to say him here, Why did
you kill the king?
Because king had transformed into a zombie.
And Minister had a strong excuse.
It had become compulsory to kill him! After
a while, that place is attacked by the zombies.
And "Lee Chung" begins to fight with them.
And he soon leaves that place, rescuing his
sister in law.
Here everyone knows the reality. Before a
few a years,
The attack on the ship and the guns were grabbed
from it.
It was carried out by the Minister's orders
not anyone else.
Minster spread that infection through that
zombie.
And what was happening till today was the
part of Minister's planning.
It was Minister who alleged the other soldiers
. Due to this , king's elder brother committed
suicide.
And this Minister was the root of all the
tragedy of this family.
On the other side, Minister calls himself
a king. But other people say,
That "Lee Chung" deserves to be a king! Then
Minister victimizes them,
So all people are kept silent and are not
able to utter a word.
Then it is seen that zombies attack a place
where "Lee Chung" is also present.
He fights with those zombies along with his
elder brother's lieutenant and the companions.
In the same way, The morning light starts
to appear so those zombies begin to run due
to the sunlight.
Many zombies begin to burn in the sunlight.
And it was their weak point! Then it is witnessed
that the Minister who was wandering after
crowning himself,
So he is bitten by a zombie. This news also
travels to others.
So he should be killed because of being infected.
But he does not allow anyone even to touch
him.
Then "Lee Chung" is shown who is very dejected
because of his father's death.
Then he decides that he will leave to his
own city, leaving this kingdom.
His sister in law says to him, I know! You
have no concern to be a king.
Are you forgetting the words pf your brother?
He always wanted you to help the people.
And be like him! So why do you not stop here?
So "Lee Chung" says, I cannot do it right
now!
So he asks "Deod-Hee", Will you accompany
me to my city or not?
"Deok-Hee" smiles and says, Yeah! I am coming.
But "Lee Chung" plans that he will kill zombies
first.
He begins to make himself ready. According
to Lee Chung's plan, He will gather all zombies
at a place,
He will set that place on fire, pouring the
fuel.
Even though all zombies meet their end.
On the other side, Infected Minister bites
his own infected hand.
Thinking he may survive and I may not transform
into the zombie.
When does it happen? He had surely to be a
zombie.
"Lee Chung" also reaches there while searching
for the Minister.
And the fight breaks out between them . Minster
begins to hit "Lee Chung" .
But Lee Chung's friend rescues him, reaching
there.
And he also comes outside. Because he knew
that Minister is infected now.
And he will not appear in the sunlight.
He himself comes outside but his friend had
been left inside.
Who is killed by the Minister? And he himself
is unable to come outside.
So "Lee Chung" is rescued. It is the morning
time but it gets cloudy.
And weather changes to rainy. So zombies also
come out of their places.
They are going to attack the people. Then
"Lee Chung" and his companions start to rescue
the people.
It was the ambition of his elder brother.
Then a man is show at the same time.
Who is the companion of Lee Chung's elder
brother special lieutenant.
A zombie bites him so he requests to everyone.
Kill me!
I don't want to infect the other people after
being infected.
He is killed , fulfilling his request.
Observe! There are such type of the people
at one side while the other side is covered
by the Minister like people.
"Lee Chung" announces before the other people,
I will fight with the zombies.
You may hide anywhere. Then Lee Chung's elder
brother special lieutenant says,
No Lee Chung! I will confront the zombies.
Look here! I have also been bitten by the
zombies. So my death time is going to be approached.
Why are you sacrificing your life? So "Lee
Chung" becomes very sentimental.
He is very dejected. So that man says to "Lee
Chung",
Promise me! That you will fulfill the dream
of your elder brother.
That you will make this kingdom free from
the zombies.
You will rescue its nation! I will fight how
much I could bear.
But you will return back to this kingdom after
visiting your city.
Because you are eligible to attain the seat
of the king. So "Lee Chung" is very dejected,
So he agrees with him . Now Lee Chung's elder
brother special man,
He begins to knock the king court according
to a plan.
So all zombies may enter, hearing this sound.
And they may be killed after setting them
on fire.
But Minister kills Lee Chung's elder brother
special man, reaching there.
When the knocking sound of door is stopped.
Then "Lee Chung" understands that Minister
has done something wrong.
Moreover, that Minister had extinguished the
fire which had been set to burn all zombies.
"Lee Chung" plans to enter the king court
himself.
But many zombies begin to block his way. But
he enters the king court while fighting with
them without any fear.
And he starts to knock at the door once more.
As a result, all zombie come inside. Then
a number of zombies are proceeding "Lee Chung",
But "Lee Chung" starts to confront them. And
Minister is also witnessing all.
Then that Minister also appears to defeat
him and kill him like the other people.
He is too egocentric that he still wants to
become a king in spite of being infected.
He knew that he will not be able to survive
for a long time. In spite of this, his selfishness
was not vanishing.
Meanwhile, "Deok-Hee" shoots a flaming arrow
inside that place.
"Lee Chung" catches it. He sets the king court
on fire , getting a chance.
Consequently, all zombies begin to burn. And
"Lee Chung" himself enters the king court.
But Minister is still alive who comes to "Lee
Chung".
But a great battle starts here. Both begin
sword fighting while hitting each other.
But "Lee Chung" was exhausted now. He had
to kill Minister at any cost.
So he throws him down in the burning king
court. At last, Minister meets his end here.
After sometimes, other soldiers also arrive
there. They used to feel fear from the Minister
before,
And they were unable to take any action. They
mutually end all zombies.
While other zombies had been ended after burning
into fire in the king court.
The unity develops here and all say, "Lee
Chung" Is our king!
"Lee Chung" is not satisfied that he had been
crowned as a king.
Because he had not such a lust. But he is
satisfied with this,
That his nation has united, being rescued.
As it was the dream of his elder brother.
His father remained defeated in his life to
attain it.
Nor he got understanding. In the end, it i
shown that,
"Lee Chung" goes to protect those captives,
who had been imprisoned by Minister and the
king, considering them infected by zombies.
And they had been abandoned. Those captives
pray for "Lee Chung" when he rescues them.
And they feel extremely excitement, calling
him their king.
The movie completes on this scene.
Subscribe for watch more video, Turn on Notification,
Don’t Forget to Like Comment & Share. Thank
You for Watching and your time.